.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: 🐛 Bug Report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: '[BUG] '
labels: ['bug', 'needs-triage']
assignees: ['Phantomojo']
---

## 🐛 Bug Description
<!-- A clear and concise description of what the bug is -->

## 🔍 Steps to Reproduce
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

## ✅ Expected Behavior
<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen -->

## ❌ Actual Behavior
<!-- A clear and concise description of what actually happened -->

## 📱 Environment
**OS**: <!-- e.g., Ubuntu 22.04, Windows 11, macOS 14 -->
**Python Version**: <!-- e.g., 3.11, 3.12 -->
**Vanta Ledger Version**: <!-- e.g., 1.0.0, main branch -->

## 📋 Additional Context
<!-- Add any other context about the problem here -->

## 📸 Screenshots
<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem -->

## 🔧 Possible Solution
<!-- If you have suggestions on a fix for the bug -->

## 📝 Additional Notes
<!-- Any other information that might be helpful -->

Commit message:

🌐 PUBLIC REPOSITORY SETUP: Complete public repository structure with protection
🔒 REPOSITORY PROTECTION:
- ✅ Branch protection rules configured
- ✅ Automated security workflows implemented
- ✅ Code review requirements established
- ✅ Access control matrix defined

📁 COLLABORATION AREAS:
- ✅ Experiments directory: Safe experimentation zone
- ✅ Examples directory: Working tutorials and demos
- ✅ Sandbox directory: Free user experimentation
- ✅ Community directory: Community contributions

🛡️ SECURITY MEASURES:
- ✅ GitHub workflows for automated security scanning
- ✅ Issue and PR templates with security checklists
- ✅ Contribution guidelines with security requirements
- ✅ Comprehensive documentation and templates

📋 TEMPLATES & GUIDELINES:
- ✅ CONTRIBUTING.md: Complete contribution guidelines
- ✅ Issue templates: Bug reports and feature requests
- ✅ PR templates: Security and quality checklists
- ✅ Experiment templates: Safe experimentation structure

🔧 AUTOMATED PROTECTION:
- ✅ Security scanning: Bandit, Safety, TruffleHog
- ✅ Code quality: Flake8, Black, MyPy, Pylint
- ✅ Dependency scanning: pip-audit, vulnerability checks
- ✅ File upload protection: Size and type validation

The repository is now ready for public access with enterprise-grade protection!

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve Vanta Ledger
title: '[BUG] '
labels: ['bug', 'needs-review']
assignees: ['maintainers']
---

## 🐛 Bug Description
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

## 🔄 Steps to Reproduce
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

## ✅ Expected Behavior
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

## ❌ Actual Behavior
A clear and concise description of what actually happened.

## 📸 Screenshots
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

## 🖥️ Environment
- **OS**: [e.g. Ubuntu 20.04, Windows 11, macOS 12]
- **Python Version**: [e.g. 3.12.0]
- **Vanta Ledger Version**: [e.g. 2.1.0]
- **Browser**: [e.g. Chrome 120, Firefox 115] (if applicable)

## 📋 Additional Context
Add any other context about the problem here.

## 🔒 Security Considerations
- [ ] This bug does not expose sensitive information
- [ ] This bug does not create security vulnerabilities
- [ ] No credentials or secrets are involved

## 📝 Checklist
- [ ] I have searched existing issues for duplicates
- [ ] I have provided all required information
- [ ] I have tested this on the latest version
- [ ] I have included relevant error messages/logs
